.TH kudzu 1 "Red Hat, Inc."
.UC 4
.SH NAME
kudzu \- detects and configures new and/or changed hardware on a system

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kudzu
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kudzu
detects and configures new and/or changed hardware on a system.
When started, kudzu detects the current hardware, and checks it
against a database stored in
.I /etc/sysconfig/hwconf,
if one exists. It then determines if any hardware has been
added or removed from the system. If so, it gives the users
the opportunity to configure any added hardware, and unconfigure
any removed hardware. It then updates the database in
.I /etc/sysconfig/hwconf.

If no previous database exists,
.B kudzu
attempts to determine what devices have already been configured,
by looking at
.I /etc/conf.modules,
.I /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/, and 
.I /etc/X11/XF86Config.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fI--usage\fP
Show short usage message.
.TP
\fI--help, -?\fP
Print help information.
.TP 
\fI-q, --quiet\fP
Run 'quietly'; do only configuration that doesn't require user input.
.TP
\fI-s, --safe\fP
Do only 'safe' probes that won't disturb hardware. Currently, this
disables the serial probe.
.TP
\fI-t, --timeout [seconds]\fP
This sets the timeout for the initial dialog. If no key is pressed
before the timeout elapses,
.B kudzu
exits, and
.I /etc/sysconfig/hwconf
is not updated.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/sysconfig/hwconf
Listing of current installed hardware.
.TP
.I /etc/conf.modules
Module configuration file.
.TP
.I /etc/sysconfig/network-scripts/ifcfg-*
Network interface configuration files.
.TP
.I /usr/share/kudzu/pcitable
PCI id to driver mappings.
.SH BUGS
The serial probe will disturb any currently in-use devices, and returns
odd results if used on machines acting as serial consoles.
.SH AUTHOR
Red Hat, Inc.
